Lea Lin and Lea Way are on the station platform, saying goodbye to each other.
Tell mum and dad I'll miss them. I'll miss you all.
And we'll miss you too.
See you at the spring festival.
Take care. Bye.
Lea Lin gets on the train and looks for his seat.
Excuse me, sir. I'm afraid you're sitting in my seat.
I'm sorry, young man. What did you say? I can't hear very well.
You've taken the wrong seat.
Really? But I thought it was my seat. Where's my ticket?
The elderly man looks for his ticket in his pocket, his bag and finally in his wallet.
Here it is. Car 9, seat 12A.
This is seat 12A, isn't it?
The ticket officer arrives.
Tickets, please. Please have your tickets ready.
Excuse me. Is this seat 12A?
Yes, it is. Let's have a look at your ticket.
Oh, I see the problem. This is seat 12A, but you should be in car 9. This is car 8.
Oh, how stupid of me. I'd better go and find car 9.
The elderly man gets up and starts to collect his bags.
Wait a moment, sir. Please stay here. I'll take your seat in car 9.
Well, that's very good of you. Thank you.
Yes, thank you, young man.
Lee Lin goes past people standing in the train to car 9.
10A, 11A, 12A. Here it is. That's my seat.
His friend, Wang Peng, is sitting in seat 12B. He is surprised to see Lee Lin.
What a surprise. Hey, Wang Peng. It's great to see you.
Great to see you too. Wonderful. I'll have someone to talk to on the long journey.
Now, take off your jacket, sit down and make yourself comfortable.
But why are you so late? Oh, it's a long story.